New resource: `azurerm_mssql_job_target_group` (#28492)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_job_target_group.html.markdown

  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Job Target Group. Changing this forces a new Job Target Group to be created.

* `job_agent_id` - (Required) The ID of the Elastic Job Agent. Changing this forces a new Job Target Group to be created.

---

* `job_target` - (Optional) One or more `job_target` blocks as defined below.

---

A `job_target` block supports the following:

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the MS SQL Server.

* `type` - (Required) The Job Target Type. Possible values are `SqlServer`, `SqlDatabase`, and `SqlElasticPool`.

* `database_name` - (Optional) The name of the MS SQL Database.

~> **Note:** This is required when `type` is `SqlDatabase`.

* `elastic_pool_name` - (Optional) The name of the MS SQL Elastic Pool.

~> **Note:** This is required when `type` is `SqlElasticPool`.

* `job_credential_id` - (Optional) The ID of the job credential to use during execution of jobs.

* `membership_type` - (Optional) The membership type for this job target. Possible values are `Include` and `Exclude`. Defaults to `Include`.

> ~> **Note:** This is required when `membership_type` is `Include`, unless `type` is `SqlDatabase`.

Reviewer: Should this note be under `job_credential_id`?

Author: Yes, thanks! I missed it when rearranging the argument order

  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Job Target Group. Changing this forces a new Job Target Group to be created.

* `job_agent_id` - (Required) The ID of the Elastic Job Agent. Changing this forces a new Job Target Group to be created.

---

* `job_target` - (Optional) One or more `job_target` blocks as defined below.

---

A `job_target` block supports the following:

* `server_name` - (Required) The name of the MS SQL Server.

* `database_name` - (Optional) The name of the MS SQL Database.

~> **Note:** This cannot be set in combination with `elastic_pool_name`.

* `elastic_pool_name` - (Optional) The name of the MS SQL Elastic Pool.

~> **Note:** This cannot be set in combination with `database_name`.

* `job_credential_id` - (Optional) The ID of the job credential to use during execution of jobs.

~> **Note:** This is required when `membership_type` is `Include`, unless `type` is `SqlDatabase`.

* `membership_type` - (Optional) The membership type for this job target. Possible values are `Include` and `Exclude`. Defaults to `Include`.

> * `type` - The Job Target Type.
> 
> -> **Note:** This value is computed based on `server_name`, `database_name`, and `elastic_pool_name`. Possible values are `SqlServer` (when only `server_name` is set), `SqlDatabase` (when both `server_name` and `database_name` are set), and SqlElasticPool (when both `server_name` and `elastic_pool_name` are set)
> 
> ## Attributes Reference
> 
> In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 
> 
> * `id` - The ID of the Elastic Job Target Groups.

Reviewer: Since this is a computed only property this should be under the attributes reference, we also don't typically leave such detailed information on the different values a computed only property can have. If you think it's helpful to have in this particular case then I don't see a problem with leaving it in.
```suggestion
## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Elastic Job Target Groups.

* `job_target` - One or more `job_target` blocks as defined below.

---

A `job_target` block exports the following:

* `type` - The job target type. This value is computed based on `server_name`, `database_name`, and `elastic_pool_name`. Possible values are `SqlServer` (when only `server_name` is set), `SqlDatabase` (when both `server_name` and `database_name` are set), and `SqlElasticPool` (when both `server_name` and `elastic_pool_name` are set).
```
